# The Request Handler Runner

`Laminas\HttpHandlerRunner\RequestHandlerRunner` can be used to _run_ a
[PSR-15](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-15) `RequestHandlerInterface` instance.
By this, we mean:

- Marshal a server request instance.
- Handle exceptions due to marshaling the server request instance.
- Pass the request to the composed request handler.
- Pass the response generated by the request handler to the composed [emitter](emitters.md)

The runner takes four constructor arguments, in the following order:

- A `Psr\Http\Server\RequestHandlerInterface` instance.
- A `Laminas\HttpHandlerRunner\Emitter\EmitterInterface` instance.
- A PHP callable to generate a `Psr\Http\Message\ServerRequestInterface` instance.
- A PHP callable that can generate a `Psr\Http\Message\ResponseInterface`
  instance given a PHP `Throwable` generated by the server request factory
  from the third argument.

Once constructed, you may call the method `run()`:

```php
$runner->run();
```

## Server request factory

The `$serverRequestFactory` argument to the constructor may be any PHP callable
that accepts no arguments (or all optional arguments), and which returns a
[PSR-7](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-7) `ServerRequestInterface` instance.

As an example, using [laminas-diactoros](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-diactoros):

```php
use Laminas\Diactoros\ServerRequestFactory;

$serverRequestFactory = [ServerRequestFactory::class, 'fromGlobals'];
```

Alternately, a [PSR-17 (proposed specification for HTTP message
factories)](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/tree/a6abdeb44a060d80925c95714f39854c510e879f/proposed/http-factory) factory may be used:

```php
use HttpInterop\Implementation\ServerRequestFactory;

$serverRequestFactory = function () use ($_SERVER, $factory) {
    return $factory->createServerRequestFromArray($_SERVER);
};
```

## Server request error response generator

In rare cases, the server request factory may raise a PHP `Throwable` or
`Exception`. In those cases, the runner still needs to generate a response to
emit.

The server request error response generator argument to the
`RequestHandlerRunner` constructor may be any PHP callable that accepts a PHP
`Throwable` argument, and which returns a PSR-7 `ResponseInterface` instance.

As an example, [laminas-stratigility](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-stratigility/)
provides the class `Laminas\Stratigility\Middleware\ErrorResponseGenerator`, which
is typically used with its `ErrorHandler` to generate a response. It can be
re-purposed if we curry in empty server request and response instances as
follows:

```php
use Throwable;
use Laminas\Diactoros\Response;
use Laminas\Diactoros\ServerRequest;
use Laminas\Stratigility\Middleware\ErrorResponseGenerator;

$errorResponseGenerator = function (Throwable $e) {
    $generator = new ErrorResponseGenerator();
    return $generator($e, new ServerRequest(), new Response());
};
```

## Request handlers

Request handlers MUST implement `Psr\Http\Server\RequestHandlerInterface`.
Additionally, for best results, they MUST provide their own error and exception
handling, to ensure that a response is returned and the runner is able to emit a
response.
